# packages in environment at /home/reedf/anaconda3/envs/fenicsx:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       2_gnu    conda-forge
aiohttp                   3.9.3           py310h2372a71_0    conda-forge
aiosignal                 1.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
alsa-lib                  1.2.11               hd590300_1    conda-forge
aom                       3.8.1                h59595ed_0    conda-forge
async-timeout             4.0.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
attr                      2.5.1                h166bdaf_1    conda-forge
attrs                     23.2.0             pyh71513ae_0    conda-forge
binutils_impl_linux-64    2.40                 hf600244_0    conda-forge
binutils_linux-64         2.40                 hbdbef99_2    conda-forge
blosc                     1.21.5               h0f2a231_0    conda-forge
brotli                    1.1.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
brotli-bin                1.1.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
brotli-python             1.1.0           py310hc6cd4ac_1    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                hd590300_5    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.27.0               hd590300_0    conda-forge
c-blosc2                  2.13.2               hb4ffafa_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2024.2.2             hbcca054_0    conda-forge
cairo                     1.18.0               h3faef2a_0    conda-forge
certifi                   2024.2.2           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.16.0          py310h2fee648_0    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        3.3.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
contourpy                 1.2.0           py310hd41b1e2_0    conda-forge
cycler                    0.12.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
dav1d                     1.2.1                hd590300_0    conda-forge
dbus                      1.13.6               h5008d03_3    conda-forge
double-conversion         3.3.0                h59595ed_0    conda-forge
eigen                     3.4.0                h00ab1b0_0    conda-forge
expat                     2.5.0                hcb278e6_1    conda-forge
fenics-basix              0.7.0           py310heada3b3_1    conda-forge
fenics-basix-pybind11-abi 0.4.12               heada3b3_1    conda-forge
fenics-dolfinx            0.7.3           py310h3ac595d_101    conda-forge
fenics-ffcx               0.7.0              pyh4af843d_0    conda-forge
fenics-libbasix           0.7.0                hfdc072b_1    conda-forge
fenics-libdolfinx         0.7.3              h0c1955d_101    conda-forge
fenics-ufcx               0.7.0                h4af843d_0    conda-forge
fenics-ufl                2023.2.0           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ffmpeg                    6.1.1           gpl_h8007c5b_104    conda-forge
fftw                      3.3.10          mpi_mpich_h5537406_8    conda-forge
fltk                      1.3.9                hea138e6_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-inconsolata      3.000                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-source-code-pro  2.038                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-ubuntu           0.83                 h77eed37_1    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.14.2               h14ed4e7_0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-ecosystem     1                             0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-forge         1                             0    conda-forge
fonttools                 4.49.0          py310h2372a71_0    conda-forge
freeimage                 3.18.0              h4b96d29_20    conda-forge
freetype                  2.12.1               h267a509_2    conda-forge
fribidi                   1.0.10               h36c2ea0_0    conda-forge
frozenlist                1.4.1           py310h2372a71_0    conda-forge
gcc_impl_linux-64         12.3.0               he2b93b0_5    conda-forge
gcc_linux-64              12.3.0               h76fc315_2    conda-forge
gdspy                     1.6.13          py310hd41b1e2_1    conda-forge
gettext                   0.21.1               h27087fc_0    conda-forge
gl2ps                     1.4.2                h0708190_0    conda-forge
glew                      2.1.0                h9c3ff4c_2    conda-forge
glib                      2.78.4               hfc55251_0    conda-forge
glib-tools                2.78.4               hfc55251_0    conda-forge
gmp                       6.3.0                h59595ed_0    conda-forge
gmsh                      4.12.2               h6b98cf8_0    conda-forge
gnutls                    3.7.9                hb077bed_0    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.13            h58526e2_1001    conda-forge
gst-plugins-base          1.22.9               h8e1006c_0    conda-forge
gstreamer                 1.22.9               h98fc4e7_0    conda-forge
gxx_impl_linux-64         12.3.0               he2b93b0_5    conda-forge
gxx_linux-64              12.3.0               h8a814eb_2    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  8.3.0                h3d44ed6_0    conda-forge
hdf4                      4.2.15               h2a13503_7    conda-forge
hdf5                      1.14.3          mpi_mpich_ha2c2bf8_0    conda-forge
hypre                     2.28.0          mpi_mpich_h716cb5e_0    conda-forge
icu                       73.2                 h59595ed_0    conda-forge
idna                      3.6                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
imath                     3.1.11               hfc55251_0    conda-forge
jsoncpp                   1.9.5                h4bd325d_1    conda-forge
jxrlib                    1.1                  hd590300_3    conda-forge
kahip                     3.16                 h547b985_0    conda-forge
kahip-python              3.16            py310h60fa4bd_0    conda-forge
kernel-headers_linux-64   2.6.32              he073ed8_17    conda-forge
keyutils                  1.6.1                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.4.5           py310hd41b1e2_1    conda-forge
krb5                      1.21.2               h659d440_0    conda-forge
lame                      3.100             h166bdaf_1003    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.16                 hb7c19ff_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.40                 h41732ed_0    conda-forge
lerc                      4.0.0                h27087fc_0    conda-forge
libabseil                 20240116.1      cxx17_h59595ed_2    conda-forge
libadios2                 2.9.2           mpi_mpich_h69321e2_1    conda-forge
libaec                    1.1.2                h59595ed_1    conda-forge
libass                    0.17.1               h8fe9dca_1    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           21_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libboost                  1.82.0               h6fcfa73_6    conda-forge
libboost-devel            1.82.0               h00ab1b0_6    conda-forge
libboost-headers          1.82.0               ha770c72_6    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.1.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.1.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.1.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
libcap                    2.69                 h0f662aa_0    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           21_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libclang                  15.0.7          default_hb11cfb5_4    conda-forge
libclang-cpp15            15.0.7          default_hb11cfb5_4    conda-forge
libclang13                15.0.7          default_ha2b6cf4_4    conda-forge
libcups                   2.3.3                h4637d8d_4    conda-forge
libcurl                   8.5.0                hca28451_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.19                 hd590300_0    conda-forge
libdrm                    2.4.120              hd590300_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         he28a2e2_2    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 hd590300_2    conda-forge
libevent                  2.1.12               hf998b51_1    conda-forge
libexpat                  2.5.0                hcb278e6_1    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h7f98852_5    conda-forge
libflac                   1.4.3                h59595ed_0    conda-forge
libgcc-devel_linux-64     12.3.0             h8bca6fd_105    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 13.2.0               h807b86a_5    conda-forge
libgcrypt                 1.10.3               hd590300_0    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            13.2.0               h69a702a_5    conda-forge
libgfortran5              13.2.0               ha4646dd_5    conda-forge
libglib                   2.78.4               h783c2da_0    conda-forge
libglu                    9.0.0             hac7e632_1003    conda-forge
libgomp                   13.2.0               h807b86a_5    conda-forge
libgpg-error              1.48                 h71f35ed_0    conda-forge
libhwloc                  2.9.3           default_h554bfaf_1009    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.17                 hd590300_2    conda-forge
libidn2                   2.3.7                hd590300_0    conda-forge
libjpeg-turbo             3.0.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           21_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libllvm15                 15.0.7               hb3ce162_4    conda-forge
libllvmspirv15            15.0.0               h0cdce71_1    conda-forge
libnetcdf                 4.9.2           nompi_h9612171_113    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.58.0               h47da74e_1    conda-forge
libnsl                    2.0.1                hd590300_0    conda-forge
libogg                    1.3.4                h7f98852_1    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.26          pthreads_h413a1c8_0    conda-forge
libopenvino               2023.3.0             h2e90f83_2    conda-forge
libopenvino-auto-batch-plugin 2023.3.0             hd5fc58b_2    conda-forge
libopenvino-auto-plugin   2023.3.0             hd5fc58b_2    conda-forge
libopenvino-hetero-plugin 2023.3.0             h3ecfda7_2    conda-forge
libopenvino-intel-cpu-plugin 2023.3.0             h2e90f83_2    conda-forge
libopenvino-intel-gpu-plugin 2023.3.0             h2e90f83_2    conda-forge
libopenvino-ir-frontend   2023.3.0             h3ecfda7_2    conda-forge
libopenvino-onnx-frontend 2023.3.0             h469e5c9_2    conda-forge
libopenvino-paddle-frontend 2023.3.0             h469e5c9_2    conda-forge
libopenvino-pytorch-frontend 2023.3.0             h59595ed_2    conda-forge
libopenvino-tensorflow-frontend 2023.3.0             he1e0747_2    conda-forge
libopenvino-tensorflow-lite-frontend 2023.3.0             h59595ed_2    conda-forge
libopus                   1.3.1                h7f98852_1    conda-forge
libpciaccess              0.18                 hd590300_0    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.43               h2797004_0    conda-forge
libpq                     16.2                 h33b98f1_0    conda-forge
libprotobuf               4.25.2               h08a7969_1    conda-forge
libptscotch               7.0.4                h2376d02_1    conda-forge
libraw                    0.21.1               h2a13503_2    conda-forge
libsanitizer              12.3.0               h0f45ef3_5    conda-forge
libscotch                 7.0.4                h91e35bf_1    conda-forge
libsndfile                1.2.2                hc60ed4a_1    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.18               h36c2ea0_1    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.45.1               h2797004_0    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.11.0               h0841786_0    conda-forge
libstdcxx-devel_linux-64  12.3.0             h8bca6fd_105    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              13.2.0               h7e041cc_5    conda-forge
libsystemd0               255                  h3516f8a_1    conda-forge
libtasn1                  4.19.0               h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
libtheora                 1.1.1             h7f98852_1005    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.6.0                ha9c0a0a_2    conda-forge
libunistring              0.9.10               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.38.1               h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libva                     2.20.0               hd590300_0    conda-forge
libvorbis                 1.3.7                h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
libvpx                    1.13.1               h59595ed_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.3.2                hd590300_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.15                 h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libxcrypt                 4.4.36               hd590300_1    conda-forge
libxkbcommon              1.6.0                hd429924_1    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.12.5               h232c23b_0    conda-forge
libzip                    1.10.1               h2629f0a_3    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.13               hd590300_5    conda-forge
llvm-spirv-15             15.0.0               h0cdce71_1    conda-forge
loguru                    0.7.2           py310hff52083_1    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.9.4                hcb278e6_0    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.8.3           py310hff52083_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.8.3           py310h62c0568_0    conda-forge
metis                     5.1.1                h59595ed_2    conda-forge
mpfr                      4.2.1                h9458935_0    conda-forge
mpg123                    1.32.4               h59595ed_0    conda-forge
mpi                       1.0                       mpich    conda-forge
mpi4py                    3.1.5           py310h30280a6_1    conda-forge
mpich                     4.2.0              h846660c_100    conda-forge
multidict                 6.0.5           py310h2372a71_0    conda-forge
mumps-include             5.6.2                ha770c72_2    conda-forge
mumps-mpi                 5.6.2                h5b51c9e_2    conda-forge
munkres                   1.1.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
mysql-common              8.0.33               hf1915f5_6    conda-forge
mysql-libs                8.0.33               hca2cd23_6    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.4                  h59595ed_2    conda-forge
nettle                    3.9.1                h7ab15ed_0    conda-forge
nlohmann_json             3.11.2               h27087fc_0    conda-forge
nspr                      4.35                 h27087fc_0    conda-forge
nss                       3.98                 h1d7d5a4_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.26.4          py310hb13e2d6_0    conda-forge
occt                      7.7.2           all_h4c9f3c6_201    conda-forge
ocl-icd                   2.3.2                hd590300_0    conda-forge
openexr                   3.2.2                haf962dd_1    conda-forge
openh264                  2.4.1                h59595ed_0    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.5.2                h488ebb8_0    conda-forge
openssl                   3.2.1                hd590300_0    conda-forge
p11-kit                   0.24.1               hc5aa10d_0    conda-forge
packaging                 23.2               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
parmetis                  4.0.3             h2a9763c_1005    conda-forge
pcre2                     10.42                hcad00b1_0    conda-forge
petsc                     3.20.5          real_h247c841_100    conda-forge
petsc4py                  3.20.5          real_hbd52a53_100    conda-forge
phidl                     1.6.4                    pypi_0    pypi
pillow                    10.2.0          py310h01dd4db_0    conda-forge
pip                       24.0               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pixman                    0.43.2               h59595ed_0    conda-forge
pkg-config                0.29.2            h36c2ea0_1008    conda-forge
platformdirs              4.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ply                       3.11                       py_1    conda-forge
pocl                      5.0                  h03a6ac1_2    conda-forge
pocl-core                 5.0                  hdaecddf_2    conda-forge
pocl-cpu                  5.0                  he901f76_2    conda-forge
pocl-cpu-minimal          5.0                  h5ccd973_2    conda-forge
pocl-cuda                 5.0                  hdaecddf_2    conda-forge
pocl-remote               5.0                  h5ccd973_2    conda-forge
pooch                     1.8.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
proj                      9.3.1                h1d62c97_0    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               h36c2ea0_1001    conda-forge
ptscotch                  7.0.4                h23d43cc_1    conda-forge
pugixml                   1.14                 h59595ed_0    conda-forge
pulseaudio-client         16.1                 hb77b528_5    conda-forge
pybind11-abi              4                    hd8ed1ab_3    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.21               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyqt                      5.15.9          py310h04931ad_5    conda-forge
pyqt5-sip                 12.12.2         py310hc6cd4ac_5    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1              pyha2e5f31_6    conda-forge
python                    3.10.13         hd12c33a_1_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-gmsh               4.12.2               h57928b3_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.10                    4_cp310    conda-forge
pyvista                   0.43.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
qt-main                   5.15.8              h5810be5_19    conda-forge
rapidjson                 1.1.0             he1b5a44_1002    conda-forge
readline                  8.2                  h8228510_1    conda-forge
requests                  2.31.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
scalapack                 2.2.0                hd931219_1    conda-forge
scipy                     1.12.0          py310hb13e2d6_2    conda-forge
scooby                    0.9.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
scotch                    7.0.4                h23d43cc_1    conda-forge
setuptools                69.1.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sip                       6.7.12          py310hc6cd4ac_0    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
slepc                     3.20.1          real_h31e5b42_102    conda-forge
slepc4py                  3.20.1          real_hb8c5dfa_100    conda-forge
snappy                    1.1.10               h9fff704_0    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.45.1               h2c6b66d_0    conda-forge
suitesparse               5.10.1               h3ec001c_2    conda-forge
superlu                   5.2.2                h00795ac_0    conda-forge
superlu_dist              8.2.1                h5902e8c_0    conda-forge
svt-av1                   1.8.0                h59595ed_0    conda-forge
sysroot_linux-64          2.12                he073ed8_17    conda-forge
tbb                       2021.11.0            h00ab1b0_1    conda-forge
tbb-devel                 2021.11.0            h5ccd973_1    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.13          noxft_h4845f30_101    conda-forge
toml                      0.10.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tomli                     2.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tornado                   6.4             py310h2372a71_0    conda-forge
typing-extensions         4.10.0               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing_extensions         4.10.0             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2024a                h0c530f3_0    conda-forge
unicodedata2              15.1.0          py310h2372a71_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   2.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
utfcpp                    4.0.5                ha770c72_0    conda-forge
vtk                       9.2.6           qt_py310h1234567_220    conda-forge
vtk-base                  9.2.6           qt_py310h1234567_220    conda-forge
vtk-io-ffmpeg             9.2.6           qt_py310h1234567_220    conda-forge
wheel                     0.42.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wslink                    1.12.4             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
x264                      1!164.3095           h166bdaf_2    conda-forge
x265                      3.5                  h924138e_3    conda-forge
xcb-util                  0.4.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
xcb-util-image            0.4.0                h8ee46fc_1    conda-forge
xcb-util-keysyms          0.4.0                h8ee46fc_1    conda-forge
xcb-util-renderutil       0.3.9                hd590300_1    conda-forge
xcb-util-wm               0.4.1                h8ee46fc_1    conda-forge
xkeyboard-config          2.41                 hd590300_0    conda-forge
xorg-fixesproto           5.0               h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-kbproto              1.0.7             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libice               1.1.1                hd590300_0    conda-forge
xorg-libsm                1.2.4                h7391055_0    conda-forge
xorg-libx11               1.8.7                h8ee46fc_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.11               hd590300_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxext              1.3.4                h0b41bf4_2    conda-forge
xorg-libxfixes            5.0.3             h7f98852_1004    conda-forge
xorg-libxmu               1.1.3                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxrender           0.9.11               hd590300_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxt                1.3.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
xorg-renderproto          0.11.1            h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xextproto            7.3.0             h0b41bf4_1003    conda-forge
xorg-xf86vidmodeproto     2.3.1             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xproto               7.0.31            h7f98852_1007    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.6                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                h7f98852_2    conda-forge
yarl                      1.9.4           py310h2372a71_0    conda-forge
zeromq                    4.3.5                h59595ed_1    conda-forge
zfp                       0.5.5                h9c3ff4c_8    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.13               hd590300_5    conda-forge
zlib-ng                   2.0.7                h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.5                hfc55251_0    conda-forge
